update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-select-all-checkbox-in-row: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement the Select All functionality in a row
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4551/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to add check box editors to templated columns and change their selection state to emulate the Select All functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to add checkbox editors to templated columns and change their selection state to emulate the Select All functionality.
```

![SelectAll check box](SelectAllCheckbox.png)

## Overview

Follow the steps below to implement the Select All functionality in a row:

> 1. Add check box columns to the grid, specify a column's [DataItemTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewDataColumn.DataItemTemplate) property,and add a check box editor to the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add checkbox columns to the grid, specify a column's [DataItemTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewDataColumn.DataItemTemplate) property, and add a checkbox editor to the template.
```

    ```aspx
    <dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn Caption="All">
        <DataItemTemplate>
            <dx:ASPxCheckBox ID="chbAll" runat="server" OnInit="chbAll_Init" />
        </DataItemTemplate>
    </dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn>
    <dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn Caption="One">
        <DataItemTemplate>
            <dx:ASPxCheckBox ID="chb1" runat="server" OnInit="chb_Init" />
        </DataItemTemplate>
    </dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn>
    <dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn Caption="Two">
        <DataItemTemplate>
            <dx:ASPxCheckBox ID="chb2" runat="server" OnInit="chb_Init" />
        </DataItemTemplate>
    </dx:GridViewDataCheckColumn>
    ```

> 2. For all check box editors, handle their server-side `Init` events. In handlers, access an editor's template container and get the container's visible index. Based on that visible index, specify an editor's `ClientInstanceName` property and handle the client-side [CheckedChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCheckBox.CheckedChanged) event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For all checkbox editors, handle their server-side `Init` events. In handlers, access an editor's template container and get the container's visible index. Based on that visible index, specify an editor's `ClientInstanceName` property and handle the client-side [CheckedChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCheckBox.CheckedChanged) event.
```
